Uh, hi guys. In this tutorial I want to
show you
how to download and install Tralis tool
the easy way. You can do it. Okay.
Look at this. This is the final result
of the work of the Tralis tool. I used
this shadow to the image to create this
nice 3D uh, object as you can see. You
can use it in Blender or the Unreal
Engine 5.
Okay.
Uh, before we start, we have to uh
make some steps.
We have to download some files from the
description.
Custom ComfyUI installation. After that,
we have to go
and install this one.
And after installing this one, we have
to go here and follow the steps in the
video. And the final result, we can get
this nice model
with the new custom
uh, ComfyUI
with this uh, model Tralis uh, tool.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first and first, download the
ComfyUI easy install. After downloading
this ComfyUI install,
create new folder.
Or let me just move or rename rename C.
Replace this one right here.
After fully replacing the ComfyUI, let's
extract it using WinRAR.
Uh, we get this folder ComfyUI easy
install. Click.
Uh, now let's run this ComfyUI
easy install by clicking right here and
run as administrator. Click yes.
Now the installing case being is
installed it say it gets right now.
Okay, it's cloning uh, ComfyUI folders
as you can see.
Okay, we are fine from this step. We are
already installed. Press any key to
exit.
Now let's go here to the ComfyUI easy
install. We go to add-ons.
Choose this Torch back.
Okay.
Uh, to install Tralis
uh, tool, it's requirement this Torch
version 2.8.0.
Okay, before we install, we have to
install this Torch version. Click here.
And click here as administrator.
Run as administrator. Click yes.
Okay, fine. The installation of the
Torch 2.8 is finished. Let's press any
key. Now let's move to the next step uh,
before the installing
uh, of the Tralis tool.
Okay, we have to go here. Uh, Flash
Attention. Let's install this one.
Okay, the installation of Flash
Attention is
finished. Let's press any key. Now let's
move to installing Tralis tool.
Run as administrator.
Click yes.
Okay, the installation of the Tralis
tool is beginning.
Okay, fine. The installation of the
Tralis tool is complete. Press any key.
Okay, now let's return here to ComfyUI
easy install and start ComfyUI.
Okay, start ComfyUI. Double click right
here and the ComfyUI is starting.
Now let's go here to templates
and go down right here to Tralis.
Once it's open, we have those uh
custom models. Want to show you use this
uh
advanced
workflow as you can see from Tralis.
Okay.
On this what advanced workflow, you must
add your image.
Is
load image with transparency.
If you don't have any visual
transparency, we have to make this false
to
true. Yes, let's use an image.
Okay, choose file to upload and use your
image. For me, I want to use
this shadow from Sonic.
Okay, after loading this image, it's
just some settings as you can see. I
enable this one. If you have a
background, you can add this one too. If
you haven't, make it false.
Uh, max size is good.
Quit uh
And now let's return right here.
Make this fixed.
For this uh, pipeline,
make it
this one is good.
This bar structure, make it 12 is good
value.
This one 12 12. For max view,
uh, make that four.
To make uh
quality good quality.
Okay, if you have uh, low VRAM, 12 GB of
VRAM or 8 GB VRAM or less,
you can make this one
like this.
To make it rapid with a good quality.
Okay, let's test our work. Let's hit
run. And let's see.
The model is works.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, as you can see, we have this
error. We have to install
uh, the Tralis tool and add uh, this
path. Uh, okay, let's go here ComfyUI.
Search for models.
And search for Microsoft.
Okay, after downloading uh, the Tralis
tool, we have to add in this folder as
you can see. Okay, let's download this
Tralis tool.
Uh, let's see.
The version of our Tralis
uh, tool.
Okay, we have those a lot of errors.
Okay, let's see.
Let us
Okay, this one.
We have to enter to this link. I want
You can get it from the description.
After that, go here.
Models.
And download those files inside this
folder and those
uh, files. All those files.
Uh, I see it's around 16 GB 17 GB. All
this sites. Okay, I will download those
files
one by one. Okay, let's go.
Uh
Okay, we have to go here to this one and
clone repository.
And go here.
To this one, clone.
Copy this.
And go right here. Search for CMD.
Add CMD. Okay, I want to download this
folder.
Just paste this one.
And it's going cloning this
folder.
All right.
Like this.
Okay, after cloning this folder, we have
to go right here
and download one by one. Okay, let's
download this one.
Second one, third one.
Fourth one.
Okay, pause the video right now and
download all those files.
Okay, fine. All files are downloaded as
you can see.
Okay, this is my files and let's return
here to Tralis. Okay, before we go, we
have to go right here.
Got this folder. Go to Microsoft and
paste replace.
Because it's same folder, we add this
one.
Okay, after that,
and let's copy all of those
all of files that I what I downloaded
previously and go here.
And paste all of them. I think.
Uh, okay, fine. Now, let's
reload the page.
And let's hit run.
And let's see if it's working or not.
Now, it's done with this model for the
moving background.
Okay, it's
moves to next step.
Mesh with boxing and advanced generator.
It generates some meshes and boxes.
And let's see the uses of the VR task
manager.
Okay.
Okay, look at this.
It's not using so much. It uses around
uh
5 GB
of VR
at the moment.
It's loading uh slot flow of those uh
5.12
model and this model.
A 1.24
model.
Now, it uses 8 GB of VR
as you can see.
Now, it's loading shapes like the 4D
model.
Okay, now it's still 6 GB of VR.
Okay, if you have you have low memory
8 or 6 GB VR
with adjusting those parameters like
this, we can use this tool list.
Okay, now it's
sampling shapes like that.
Now, it's loading slot decoder model.
In the previous video, I think
you see the uses of the VR. It's turned
to 9 GB. So,
Okay, now it's building
uh BVH for the current mesh.
Okay.
Reconstruct mesh with quad right now.
Okay, let's go down one.
Return right here.
It's reconstructing our
uh mesh using this shadow image.
Let's see the uses of the VR. It uses
around 7 GB of VR
right now.
Okay, they are contouring and removing
inner layer
for this number of quads.
It uses around
12 GB
of VR right now. It's a lot of memory.
Uh for the memory VR, it's
using around 15 GB of VR
So,
Okay, now it's moves to the EVR apps and
sampling attributes.
Finalizing mesh
and our shadow.
Look at this nice result. It looks
fantastic.
See, as you can see, guys,
this is my result using 3D scan tool.
You can make it better
if you
you make this texture size
like this.
48 or 4K. That's a zoom on.
Okay, let's return.
Uh
if you have
18 GB with 6 GB of VR, 8 GB of VR,
you can use this parameter as you can
see in the video.
Okay, now let's export it
to the Unreal Engine this model.
Click export right here
and choose what do you want. Okay, I
want object.
Okay, now this is my
model.
Now, let's move to the Unreal Engine.
Where is my Unreal Engine? Okay, let's
open.
Minimize this one, close this. And love
this and close this downloads.
Okay, now let's create new project.
Select games. The first one is complete
3D.
Okay, now let's drag our object. I think
it's in downloads.
Go here content drawer
and go
paste right here.
Okay, save names all or your first image
types.
I think all is
fine.
Let's import and let's see.
Okay, thank you guys for watching. This
all for this tutorial.